# ATS
Advanced Teaching Systems Methodology.
Learning or discovery is accomplished by means of observation or means of substitution.For example, if it is not broken, so do not fix it.
Always test and measure the person, code or machine across the bench with the owner or guardian present. If it is not broken do not take it in for repair.Sometimes, the user may require to purchase some education to increase user knowledge, so understanding the person, code and machine and perfect or normal performance better.

Either it works or it does not. The insane mind performs the same methods, tasks, protocol or instruction set over ond over expecting a different result each time.

Interview the user and gather as much information as you can about the person, code or machine, so mabe if they dropped it?So, it may explain intermittent working and intermittent not working. For example, I remember one lap top which acted like it was infected with a virus, but discovered through diagnostics the lapTop cooling fan was clogged with dust or bad?

Another time, I had a laptop infected with RedLof and I started it in safe mode to the CMD and restored it to a time before it was infected and I still have the old machine today. using CMD-C:> rstrui.exe

Always treat your clients, customers, students, partners and other persons with courtesy, dignity, honesty and respect.
Do not just tear into the person, code or machine to repair. Do some research about your observation and tests and look for the easiest and less invasive fix and obtain informed consent in writing from the owner or guardian before any alteration or repair is done. Make sure they understand the risk.For example, a drinking straw was used on the lap top to unclog the dust in the cooling fan without taking it apart.
I had a Dell t3600 I purchased as a bad machine and opened it up and there was a pound of dust in it. I put on my ground braclet and got my shop vacuum and vacuumed it out and cleaned it up, also I upgraded the Ram from 16GB to 64GB I am still using it today.

Computer code or program's are changing so fast , so the newer version sometimes deprecates old packages and modules or versions. Sometimes nothing will work, so either you have to experiment around and develop a new package or module or another way to get things done. For example, when python went from Python3.6 to 3.7-(2.7)3.9 and today, so some modules were created with Cython and would not work properly with python 3.7-(2.7)3.9 and today still do not work, so through experimentation I rolled back python to py3.6 and tested the packages and modules with py3.6 and they worked fine.So, I took my machine with Py2.7(3.9) installed on it and did an altinstall of py3.6 alongside py2.7(3.9), so I can use the module or package.

Sometimes it works for one quarter of the year and by the next quarter it acts like a virus, so maybe you upgraded a software package or program. So, I have had to wait for the world to catch up and by the next quarter it was working again either by I developed a fix by experimentation and doing research or some other person did that and I learned from them. Getting everyone coordinated and all together working as a cohesive team is not easy, sometimes everyone is out of phase and the sofware does not work. I have purchased some software around  2004-2006 for $1000.'s of dollars and it never worked, so hardware and software was changing to rapidly. Today, I am having better luck with sofware purchases. There was only one sofware package that I purchase between 2004-2006 that never worked. All the others worked. Back in the day when calling in for technical assistance
most techical assistance persons for all sofware said,"I can not help you are working at a level I do not understand." I fixed or repaired everything or increaded my user knowledge and understood satisfactory working software except for that one bad sofware package that I purchased that never worked. I have spent some $10,000. for sofware between 1987 through 2015 and if you work for a large corporation you know what I am talking about. Software to day is cheaper, works better and sometimes is free.

If you are looking at it and do not know what is wrong or why it doe's not work properly either set it aside forget about it and look at it tommorrow and if you determine you do not know? Ask a friend or some person you trust to test and measure the person, code or machine to try and
determine what is the problem if any?

Use the science method for trouble shooting or dianostics. You can find the 7 steps for science method in the ATS Wiki.
Document everything you do for future reference.

When I was younger in the 1970's we had video games like Pong. The first Apple computer came in 1976, then the Commodore 64 in 1982 and my first Computer was a Radio Shack(Tandy) Coco(Color Computer) that was before the first 186. Going back further the old FCT systems I worked around were either relay and electronic machines or tube and relay machines before the transistor took over. Same of the primitive Computers were configured with huge jumper cables that were pluged in, to configure circuits.There were the IBM reel to reel tape storage machines, and my old Coco used Cassete Tape's for storage I wrote a Banking program on it with basic programing language many of the languages I worked around included Fortran, Pascal . . . that was befor MSDos and back in the day's of DOS Disk operating system Windows was not invented yet and Bill Gates worked in New- Mexico with his Partner or Comrade. Back in the day the Internet as we know it today was not invented yet and we used the old dialup ArpANet which used tip and ring for communications, so played many Computer games on the ArpANet including Dragon's cave which today many people teach with Python. They were starting to work with C programming language and then C + + and Java,Python and many other programming languages were not invented yet. I had a cool Zaxxon video game I used to play on my Coco, so it was an cool fly over oil field and storage tank shoot up bombing mission. I still have it on Cassette Tape, so some afternoon when I get board perhaps I can try and load it on the CMD or whatever on this newer Computer and see what happens."The Internet as you know it today was Invented in 1991 the internet changed again. That year, a computer programmer in Switzerland named Tim Berners-Lee introduced the World Wide Web"(https://www.history.com/topics/inventions/invention-of-the-internet). I got my first high speed Internet connection in the mid 1990's and it was a dialup network using tip and ring with a primitive Modem.

The Telephone system's I worked on were relay switches and electronic boards with capacitors, relay's and some transistor technology with some 4 bit  and 8 bit microProcessors. They were just starting to produce speech path circuits, voice recognition and lie detection using MicroProcessors. I also had the opprotunity to take an Atari 186 and solder piggy-backed the ram on the motherboard and hot wired the power and ground to the microprocessor plus overclocked the xtel crystal clock with a faster xtel crystal clock and presto the first 286 was created that I ever saw or new about at that time in 1987.I have worked on and repaired a lot of electronic stuff including, Amplifiers, Computers, Dracon butt set's, Industrial Robots and Telephone Switches, Routers and System's including Cassete decks or players, radios, wireless Telephones and Answering machines, besides VCR Machines and Automotive and Trucking electrical system's and Oil field equipment for A to D readout . . .

Remember:Use the science method for trouble shooting or dianostics. You can find the 7 steps for science method in the ATS Wiki.

Warrant disclaimer:This page is subject to update, change or upgrade soon.

Anyone or any organization can use the BFMI agreement, so just copy and paste it in or on your code, program, or work or works. For instance:

BMFI valid binding permanent arbitration agreement and warranty disclaimer: You can use the code for free then alter and redistribute any way you want. Warranty Disclaimer: Use at your own risk! BMFI or any person associated, affiliated or part of BMFI is not accountable or responsible for any harm done by you for using this code.

Special note:Append the agreement for ATS(Advanced Teaching Systems) Methodology by Jeff T. Rogers founder(BMFI-Advanced Teaching Systems), so- cite your references when you use this code or risk getting it for Academic Dishonesty.

Also, I do not plagiarize APA, MLM or MLA style sheets or any other style sheets not mentioned, so all Style for references and writing are Using only BMFI StyleSheet for Computer Science. So, APA, MLM and MLA style or any other style not mentioned have been officially deprecated.

Special note: notice the Inline style quote and citation of referece in the 10th paragraph second to last sentence which is acceptable using BMFI StyleSheet for Computer Science.

